[MWAN] List onramps (#15458)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-wan/on-ramps.md

---
title: On-ramps
pcx_content_type: reference
weight: 4
---

# Magic WAN on-ramps

To on-ramp your network traffic to Magic WAN, you can use [Magic WAN Connector](/magic-wan/configuration/connector/), a lightweight software package you can install in corporate network locations to automatically connect, steer, and shape any IP traffic.

> You can also use any device that supports [GRE or IPsec](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/third-party/) tunnels with the supported configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use any device that supports [GRE or IPsec](/magic-wan/reference/tunnels/) tunnels with the supported configuration parameters.
```
